docs(state) add select and stateful tests, add docs, update readme (#82)
BioPhoton/rx-angular: libs/state/docs/snippets/get-nested-state-slices.md

# Get nested state slices

> One of the fundamental reactive state derivations is getting a value of a state slice.
> In some cases this slice could also be deeply nested inside our reactive state.
> 
> In RxJS there is an operator called [`pluck`](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/api/operators/pluck) which "plucks" out values from an emitted object.
> Also, the [`map`](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/api/operators/map) operator could serve for such a task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One very common tasks when deriving state is selecting a single value out of the whole state.
If you are familiar with RxJS, you will know about the [`pluck` operator](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/api/operators/pluck) which "plucks" out values from an object.
Also, the [`map`](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/api/operators/map) operator could be used for this.
```

> ```typescript
> import { Observable } from 'rxjs';
> import { map, pluck } from 'rxjs/operators';
> 
> const state$: Observable<{ person: { name: string } }>;
> const derivation1$ = state$.pipe(map(state => state?.person?.name));
> const derivation2$ = state$.pipe(pluck('person', 'name'));
> ```
> 
> In both cases we have repetitive work to do.
> For this situation we can use the [`stateful`]()operator from `@rx-angular/state`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in [deriving simple state](./deriving-simple-state.md) we use `stateful` operator from `@rx-angular/state` to get basic observable handling right out of the box.
```

```typescript
import { Observable } from 'rxjs';
import { pluck } from 'rxjs/operators';
import { stateful } from '@rx-angular/state';

const state$: Observable<{ person: { name: string } }>;
const derivation3$ = state$.pipe(stateful(pluck('person', 'name')));
```

> But we could even got shorter and use the [`select`]() operator.
> This is a combination of stateful with a separate overload for pluck.
> 
> It can be used as this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We could even save more code by using the [`select`]() operator which essentially is a combination of `stateful` and `pluck`.
```
